add permission model and add sharing article (#10878)
SharePoint/sp-dev-docs: docs/embedded/development/sharing.md

| Endpoint | Use it to |
|---|---|
| [`invite`](/graph/api/driveitem-invite) | Add a specific user or group to an item by email or object ID, optionally with a notification. |
| [`createPermission`](/graph/api/driveitem-post-permissions) | Grant a SharePoint group access to an item from an application-only flow. |
| [`createLink`](/graph/api/driveitem-createlink) | Generate a sharing link whose audience is controlled by the link `scope`. |

All three create a [permission](/graph/api/resources/permission) resource on the target item. Once that permission exists, it behaves like any other permission described in the [permission model](./permission-model.md).

### Add a user or group with `invite`

Use [driveItem: invite](/graph/api/driveitem-invite) when you want to grant access to a known user or group.

SPE-specific requirements:

- Set `sendInvitation` to `false`. SPE doesn't deliver invitation emails.
- New guest users require delegated permissions. Inviting an existing guest (already in the consuming tenant's directory) works with either delegated or application permissions.

> - **Permissions:** `Files.ReadWrite` (delegated) or `Files.ReadWrite.All` (application), plus `FileStorageContainer.Selected`. See the [endpoint reference](/graph/api/driveitem-invite#permissions) for higher-privileged alternatives.

Reviewer: Remove SPO permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Permissions:** `FileStorageContainer.Selected`.
```

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drives/{driveId}/items/{itemId}/invite
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "recipients": [
    { "email": "user@contoso.com" }
  ],
  "roles": ["read"],
  "requireSignIn": true,
  "sendInvitation": false
}
```

By default, `invite` is additive: `retainInheritedPermissions` defaults to `true`, so the call grants the new permission without removing what the item already inherits. Setting `retainInheritedPermissions` to `false` on the first share of an item breaks inheritance. See [Inheritance behavior of sharing calls](#inheritance-behavior-of-sharing-calls) below.

> To grant access to everyone in a container, assign a container role instead of inviting on the container's root item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant access to all the content in a container, assign a container role. Adding permissions to the container's root item is not supported.
```
